9.
Basic Control Structures
i.Sequence structure
ii.Selection Structure
iii.Loop structure

Sequence Structure->first entry then action1 and then action2 then exit
Selection Structure -> first entry then true or false then exit
Loop structure -> first entry then check condition of loop till true if false then exit
All above are in flowChart


20.OBJECT ORIENTED PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE in C++
	-> It is a approach of solving 
	-> Program will be bug free
	-> It is easy to solve
C++ language was designed with the main intention of adding object-oriented features to C laguage.
As the size of the program increases, readability, maintainability and bug-free nature of programs decreases.
This was the major problem with languages like C which relied upon functions or produres (hence the name procedural programming language).
As a result, the possibility of not addressing the problem in an effective manner was high.
Also, as data was almost neglected, data security was easily compromised.
Using classes solves this problem by modelling program as a real world scenario.

C- is a procedural language & C++ is a oop's language.
We make class using template
When we make class it is basically we make a data type

 Animal-{i.type, ii.name, iii. bark}
dog tommy= animal;
tommy.name, tommy.type, tommy.bark;

* Consist of writitng a set of instructions for the computer to follow
* Main focus is on functions and not on flow of data
* Functions can either use local or global data
* Data moves openly from function tot function

classes-Basic template for creating objects.
Objects - Basic run time entities.
Data Abstraction & Encapsulation - Wrapping data and functions into single unit.
Inheritance - Properties of one class can be inherited into others.
Polymorphism - ability to take more than one forms.
Dynamic Binding- code which will execute is not known until the program runs.
Massage Passing - Objects.message(Information) call format.

Benefits of Object Oriented Programming:
Better code reusability using objects and Inheritance.
Principle of data hiding helps build secure systems.
Multiple objects can co-exist without any inheritance.
Software complexity can be easily managed.